Sprint Retro Document

“A retrospective is anytime your team reflects on the past to improve the future. Between technical and non-technical teams, you can retro on just about anything!” - https://www.atlassian.com/agile/scrum/retrospectives 
Outcomes
The purpose of the sprint retrospective is to evaluate what went well during the sprint and what could have gone better. After the retro, you should come up with some action items of things you can improve for your team during the next sprint.
Steps
The sprint retrospective should serve as a way to make sure your team and its processes get better and better after each sprint. Think back on the different aspects of the sprint: did you plan properly, did you complete all your goals, were there any blockers stopping you from completing your goals, etc. Pick apart those aspects to determine what went well and what did not go well. Based on that, your team can identify “action items” - changes you can make to your team’s process in every subsequent sprint to improve your efficiency and better achieve your goals.

What went well? - Identify the positive aspects of your sprint. This may include good planning during sprint planning, efficient resolutions to blockers during stand ups, etc. Also take this opportunity to give kudos to your team members if you think they did an especially great job during the sprint.

What could have gone better? - Identify the not so positive aspects of your sprint. This may include goals that were not met, bugs that came up, etc. Keep in mind not to place blame on any individual, but rather to focus on what the sprint team collectively could improve.

What did we learn? - Identify what your team collectively or you individually learned during the sprint. This could be a technical skill that you had to learn to complete your goals or something you learned about the product or project process.

What are our action items? - From the answers to the above questions, identify your sprint action items. These should be formed from your past experiences in this sprint and should be as detailed as possible. For instance, if you did not meet your goals this sprint, an action item could be to spend more time in sprint planning thinking about what is actually achievable. If you found that stand ups were aimless, an action item could be to time box stand ups to 15 minutes to encourage more focused conversations.
Team Name - Team 9
Sprint Name - 0
Answer the first three questions before moving on to your action items. There should be at least one item per the first three questions with a minimum of four items total, so at least one question will have more than one answer. In addition to an answer, list which team member contributed that answer. Once complete, move on to your action items, which you should write as a team. Come up with at least two action items.
What went well? 
We had good planning on what we were going to do and got some good ideas. Everyone did a good job overall with what they planned on doing.

What could have gone better?

What did we learn?

What are our action items?

