Sprint Standup Document

“In many sports like (American) football and rugby, the team huddles before each play. The huddle is strategic: it keeps the team informed, connected, and calibrated throughout the game. For software teams, the stand-up is like the team’s huddle. It’s even commonly known as the daily scrum, and reinforces “we” to keep everyone aware of the team’s landscape and progress.” - https://www.atlassian.com/agile/scrum/standups 
Outcome
The goal of the standup is for everyone to align on what everyone else is doing. This way, if there are any blockers or conflicts, they can be resolved before everyone begins working for the day. In real life, this also gives the product and project teams insight into what the engineers are doing, but in our class, we only have engineers. In the industry, different teams have a different number of stand ups per week. Sometimes every day, sometimes 3 times a week, and sometimes even only twice a week. To get full credit, you need to have at least 3 stand ups per 2-week sprint and turn in a copy of this document for every standup.
Steps
There are many ways to run a stand up, however most teams use the following format. Go from team member to team member and have each person answer the following questions.

What did I work on since the last stand up? - Give an update of what you did since the last time you met. If you were not able to complete what you wanted, explain why, but keep in mind that it is totally fine to have not met your goals as long as you know why and can work to improve next time. Perhaps you had assignments in too many other courses, the goals were too high/unobtainable, or you were blocked.

What will I work on before the next stand up? - Explain what you will work on and what you hope to complete before the next meeting. Sometimes, you may work on a task from your scrum board that you know you will not have done by the next stand up. That is okay, just give your best estimate of what you want to have accomplished.

What blockers do I have, if any? - Explain what external obstacles you have which would prevent you from accomplishing your current goals. It may be that you do not have a good understanding of databases to complete your database related task, another team member has to complete their task before you can start yours, or even a completely external blocker like you will be out of town during the sprint. While everyone is answering this question, take notes. After the meeting, review the blockers and see if the team can work together to find solutions to them before continuing the sprint.
Team Name - 
Sprint Name - 
Stand Up Date -

Copy the following block for every member of the team. If a team member is absent, list them down as absent. If the team member has a valid reason for the absence, like an illness, they should contact the TAs and/or instructor so they do not lose points for this stand up.
Update for {name}
What have I accomplished - 
What will I accomplish - 
What blockers do I have - 

Blockers
After everyone gives updates, discuss and write down what your team will do to alleviate any blockers that came up in the meeting.

